Add quckstart doc (#992)
kartoza/miniSASS: docs/src/user/quickstart/index.md

- **Organisation Name:** Enter the name of the organisation. If the users are not affiliated with an organisation, they can leave this field blank.

- **Organisation Type (Dropdown):** The user can choose the type of organisation they belong to from the dropdown menu. This could include options such as `NGOs`, `Schools` or other relevant categories.

- **Password:** Create a strong and secure password for your miniSASS account. Ensure your miniSASS account password adheres to the following requirements: at least one uppercase letter, one lowercase letter, one digit, one special character, and a minimum length of 6 characters.

- **Confirm Password:** Re-enter the password in the `Confirm Password` field to ensure it matches the one entered in the previous step. Otherwise, the user will see the error.

- **Country (Dropdown):** Select the country from the dropdown menu. This helps miniSASS tailor content and features based on the user's geographic location.

**Cross Icon:** Click on the `Cross` icon to cancel the registration process.

**Register Button:** Once all the required information is entered, click the `Register` button to submit the registration.

> On successful submition you will see the registration in progress message. To complete the regstration process you need to activate your account￼.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On successful submission you will see the registration in progress message. To complete the registration process you need to activate your account￼.
```

![Message](./img/quick-start-3.png)

**Activating Account**

> Go to your email and check the activation email for the account activation sended by the miniSASS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to your email and check the activation email for the account activation sent by the miniSASS.
```

![Activate Account Email](./img/quick-start-4.png)

- **Activate Account Button:** Click the Activate Account button provided in the email. This will redirect the user to the activation page.

- **Click Here Option:** Alternatively, if the button above does not work, the user can click the `click here` option to open the activation page.

- **Link Option for Copy Paste:** If neither of the above options is feasible, the user can copy and paste the given link into the browser to open the activation page.
    
![Activate Account Success](./img/quick-start-5.png)

**Login**

Click on the `Ok` button and then click on the `Login` button to login into the miniSASS.

![Login Button](./img/quick-start-6.png)

**Login Page**

Fill the required information in the respective fields and click on the login button to log in to your miniSASS account.

![Login Page](./img/quick-start-7.png)

> You can use the `Retrieve Email Address` button, to retrieve the email addrese using your username in case you forgot your associate email address with the username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `Retrieve Email Address` button, to retrieve the email address using your username in case you forgot your email address associated with the username.
```
